Basic design/required assets:

Cowboy Kit avoids collecting Twitch bits while keeping her friends from hitting the ground

Font:
https://fontmeme.com/red-dead-redemption-font/
some basic cowboy/old west font
https://www.dafont.com/western-bang-bang.font


Art assets:
Kit cowboy (main)
Kit cowboy (hurt)
Kit cowboy (victory)
possible: Kit aiming (one eye closed, tongue out) that would show up occassionally
Kit gun arm with revolver
muzzle flash (possibly game engine generated?)
vertical bullet icon to indicate remaining ammo
vertical bullet outline to indicate spent ammo
DONE: Bit images (1,10,50?) (animated gifs available to turn into sprite sheets)

Rooster token (like a coin)
Rombie token
Grimm token
Miffy token/?

Crosshair for targetting
Elevator doors (to start and end the game)
HUD digits (like an old timey cash register?)
https://www.homeroad.net/2023/03/diy-vintage-cash-register-flags.html

Sounds:
gunshot (more than one?)
reload sound 
splat (hitting bits) (more than one?)
Ting! or ricochet or sound like tin can getting hit by bullet (for tokens)
Kit reaction sounds (noooo! buh buh buh, yay!, etc) 
possible: voice clip from Rombie, Grimm and Rooster saying something like "You let me down, Kit" or "Guess my time was up, pardner"
elevator sound for door open/close
incidental sounds for button clicks, etc
bit receive sound (like on stream) when bits get added to bank

Music:
DONE: generic royalty free cowboy music
elevator theme?
different music for in-game vs game over?

Concept:
Kit shown on left of playfield with HUD
Bits drop from the top of the playfield at different speeds
If bits hit the bottom of playfield, they turn into money (kit bad react)
At intervals, a friend token starts to fall from the top. Shooting friend token kicks it back up (first one, then two then three in play over time)
If any friend token hits the bottom, game is over.

TBD:
level start/end? possible avoid collecting $x in 30 seconds, then next level adds friend token, then two
Score: bits deflected - bits that made it to bottom? < 0 at end of level time = game over? 
end game conditions?
Miffy mechanic
  possible: shoot Miffy enough times and she clears the screen of bits in a fiery tantrum
any meta jokes we can fit in

